#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
ansicon==1.89.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinxed
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyppeteer
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   automat
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
automat==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via bs4
blessed==1.17.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
chromedriver-binary==96.0.4664.45.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   crayons
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
configparser==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdriver-manager
constantly==15.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
crayons==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   webdriver-manager
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   scrapy
    #   service-identity
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   pyquery
    #   scrapy
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
fake-useragent==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h2==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
    #   twisted
hpack==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
hyperframe==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argcomplete
    #   click
    #   ipykernel
    #   pep517
    #   pyppeteer
    #   sqlalchemy
incremental==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
inquirer==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
itemadapter==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
itemloaders==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinxed==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   parsel
    #   pyquery
    #   scrapy
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
pandas==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
parse==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parsel==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
priority==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protego==0.1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydispatcher==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pyee==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyppeteer
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyodbc==4.0.32
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyppeteer==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywin32==302
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
queuelib==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
readchar==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
requests==2.26.0
    # via webdriver-manager
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
scrapy==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium== 4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   automat
    #   blessed
    #   cycler
    #   parsel
    #   protego
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.25
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pep517
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.62.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyppeteer
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
twisted[http2]==21.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
twisted-iocpsupport==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   twisted
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   selenium
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyppeteer
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
